Test Engineer
Can you engineer a brighter tomorrow?

It’s crystal clear: the actions we take in the next few years will significantly impact our future. At Volvo Cars, we embrace change. We’re committed to transforming the automotive industry and leading in electrification. For this, we’re seeking out more creative minds to shape that future. Don’t miss this opportunity to create your tomorrow.

 

What’s in it for you? 
You will be a part of the System Crash Testing group within the section Safety & Durability Verification. System Crash Testing mainly performs tests on components, safety-systems and even full scale-tests. We have various rigs, two crash simulators and two crash-tracks so we can conduct various test conditions that simulate real crashes. Volvos vision is to develop cars in a more simulated and theoretical environment. To be able to create new test methods and test environments for the future, it puts demands on our creativity, drive, change willingness and courage. The team mainly performs tests in our rigs for customers from VCC but we also do testing for external customers and suppliers.


What you will do
You will be part of a team that plan and execute component testing of safety systems. We have several test rigs to execute a variety of different test methods.

You and the team members work closely together with an Analysis Engineer or representant from Design departments who acts as the customer and sets the parameters for the test.


As a Test Engineer, you are responsible for the rig and execute the tests.

This includes running the crash rigs, preparing the test object in regard to transducers, data acquisition systems, hi speed camera views and test devices. You will also contribute to improvements and analyze the test result. You will collect the data and video recording from the test and compile it for further delivery to the Analysis Engineer and customer. The Test Engineer act as the main link between the customer and the test team and is obligated to book pre-test meetings with the customer and stakeholders of the test.

 
In parallel to the testing, you will take part in rig and test method development and also represent our department in projects concerning your field of expertise.
 

Do you fit the profile?
We are seeking for an analytic person who can operate in a frequently changing environment. A person who likes to be a part of the progress to develop the systems. We want you to have good knowledge of PC environment and standard PC applications. You have a university degree (B.Sc. or M.Sc.) in measurement techniques, data collection and signal analysis, or equivalent.  Experience working with servo hydraulic systems, is a plus.


Who are you? 
You are service minded, curious, and like to solve problems. You are flexible and can handle multiple parallel tasks at the same time. You like being social and working effectively together with others to achieve results. You are driven, quality conscious and like to discuss questions regarding improvement of methods and processes.

 

You and your skills

You are fluent in Swedish and English both written and spoken and you hold a valid European driver’s license (B).


On a personal level you are creative, curious, and like to solve problems. You also need to work in a very structured and accurate way and have an analytical ability. 

You also need to be flexible and can handle multiple parallel tasks at the same time.

 

At Volvo Cars we focus on four main behaviors, Drive results, Collaboration, Build Trust and Self-development.

 

Volvo Cars - Driving change together​

Volvo Cars’ success is the result of a collaborative, diverse, and inclusive working environment. Today, we are one of the most well-known and respected car brands, with around 43,000 employees across the globe. At Volvo Cars, your career is designed around your skills and aspirations, allowing you to reach your fullest potential.​  


By 2025, we aim to sell 1.2 million cars annually, with 50 per cent being electric cars and sold directly to customers mainly through digital channels. Join us on this exciting journey as we pioneer the driving and electrification technologies of the future.​

Curious about Life at Volvo Cars? Read more here
Curious about our story? Read more here